# OnMind Freeware License Agreement

> To downloadable or installables apps (e.g. OnMind-AVE and OnMind-DCE)  
> Freeware basicly means closed source free software, with private license, without guarantee. Commercial use is too allowed AS IS.  

> Copyright © 2021 by César Andrés Arcila Buitrago  
> All rights reserved to César Andrés Arcila Buitrago  

You should carefully read the following terms and conditions before downloading and installing this software product ("OnMind"). This kind of license just apply to downloadable or installables apps (e.g. OnMind-AVE and OnMind-DCE). By clicking on the "download button or link" and proceeding to download and use the Software, you acknowledge your acceptance of the terms and conditions of this License Agreement ("Agreement"). Clicking on the "download button or link" is a legally valid way to create a binding contract and constitutes your electronic signature of this Agreement.

If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, do not download or install the Software.

**LICENSE**. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, "OnMind" grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to use the Software solely on your computers or devices to run applications for management, understanding that it installs it locally without being a platform through the Internet (or Cloud). Use of the Software is limited to use in the form of object code only. If you are an organization, then your use of the Software includes use by your Affiliates (as defined below) and will be considered part of "you" and "your organization," subject to all provisions of this Agreement and the following (a) you are responsible for each Affiliate's compliance with this Agreement and will be jointly and severally liable with each Affiliate for any breach of the provisions of this Agreement, and (b) the entity may not use the Software under your license once you cease to be an Affiliate. As used herein, an "Affiliate" means any entity that you control, is controlled by you, or is under your common control, where "control" means ownership of at least 50% of the voting stock of such entity. You may permit your independent contractors and ancillary personnel (collectively "Contractors") to use the Software on your behalf only to the extent necessary to provide services to you, subject to the following: (a) such use is subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, (b) you are responsible for the performance of this Agreement by each of your Contractors, and (c) each Contractor must be subject to confidentiality obligations at least as protective of the Software, Documentation and OnMind as those of this Agreement. You may also use documentation that accompanies the Software or that is available on the "OnMind" site https://onmind.co (the "Documentation") solely in connection with your use of the Software.

**LIMITATIONS**. You may not access the Software if you are or become a direct competitor of "OnMind" or if it is used to share on a network or install it on a machine exposed in Internet (the Cloud), except with the prior written consent of "OnMind" in a strictly limited manner with expiration. With respect to your use of the Software for Customers as permitted above, you may not provide access to or use of your copies of the Software to a Customer or include the Software as part of a product, service, or other offering you provide. In addition, you must verify that Customer has its own copy of the Software. You acknowledge and agree that the Software and all Documentation and information contained therein represent the confidential and proprietary information of OnMind. You agree to keep such information confidential by exercising reasonable care to prevent its disclosure and not to disclose or use it for any purpose other than as expressly authorized by this Agreement.

**RESERVATION OF RIGHTS**. Except for the limited rights expressly granted in this Agreement, "OnMind" reserves all right, title and interest in and to the Software, including all respective intellectual property rights. No rights are granted to you hereunder except as expressly set forth in this Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you may not (a) sublicense or modify the Software, (b) decompile or reverse engineer the Software, (c) remove any proprietary notices from the Software, or (d) attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Software or circumvent any security measures within the Software; and (e) the distribution, copying or public display of the Software is reserved for OnMind author, the OnMind site or site specifically linked for that purpose by the OnMind author.

**SUPPORT**. Avoid confusing support with services that occupy or generate personnel activity, in the context of this agreement specifically refers to updates at the will of "OnMind". Support may include new updates or new versions of the Software that "OnMind" generally makes available to its customers; however, the license in this Agreement does not apply to those versions of the Software for which "OnMind" charges a license fee. In addition, "OnMind" may exclude certain versions or versions that contain different functionality or are not offered to the entire "OnMind" customer base as a whole, or versions that are licensed with additional or new license terms to meet the additional commercial or legal requirements of "OnMind. "OnMind" may discontinue support for the Software at any time.

**SUGGESTIONS**. You grant "OnMind" a worldwide, irrevocable, perpetual, royalty-free license to use and incorporate into the Software any suggestions, requests for improvement, recommendations, or other information provided by you, including your Registered User, in connection with the Software ("Information"). "OnMind" may use and incorporate any Comments without any compensation or acknowledgement to you.

**TERMINATION**. Your license to the Software and Documentation terminates immediately upon the earlier of the following: (a) when you stop using the Software, or (b) when you breach any of the terms contained in this Agreement. In the event of termination for any reason, you must immediately destroy all copies of the Software and any related Documentation in your possession or control. However, you may retain the data you generated using the Software if it is due to local storage.

**DISCLAIMER**. The Software is provided free of charge on an "as is" basis. ACCORDINGLY, ONMIND NEITHER OFFERS NOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, SATISFACTORY QUALITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. Without limiting the foregoing, you agree that "OnMind" and its officers, directors, agents and employees shall not be liable for any errors or omissions in the output of the Software, including, without limitation, the quality or accuracy of any screen or report, in the transmission and receipt of data or in the processing of such data by the Software.

**LIMITATION OF LIABILITY**. In no event shall "OnMind" or its officers, directors, agents and employees be liable to you under this Agreement or otherwise, regardless of the form of claim or action, in an amount exceeding $50. In no event shall "OnMind" or its officers, directors, agents and employees be liable to you for any consequential, exemplary, incidental or indirect damages or costs (including legal fees and expenses) or loss of goodwill or profits in connection with the Software or this Agreement, even if "OnMind" has been advised of the possibility of such damages or costs. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages, so this paragraph may not apply to you.

**MISCELLANEOUS** The parties are independent contractors. This Agreement does not create a partnership, franchise, agency, fiduciary or employment relationship between the parties. There are no third party beneficiaries of this Agreement. No waiver or modification of any provision of this Agreement shall be effective unless in writing, referred to in this Agreement and signed by authorized representatives of the parties. No failure or delay by either party in the exercise of any right, power or remedy constitutes a waiver of that right, power or remedy. The waiver by either party of performance of any covenant or breach shall not be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach or any other covenant. If any provision of this Agreement requires judicial interpretation, this Agreement shall not be construed more strictly against one party than the other. If any provision of this Agreement is declared invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the provision shall be ineffective only to the extent of the invalidity, so that the remainder of that provision and all other provisions of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. You may not assign, sublicense or transfer this Agreement without the prior written consent of "OnMind. Any attempt by you to sublicense, assign, or transfer any right, obligation, or obligation contained herein is null and void. "OnMind" may, in its sole discretion, seek preliminary injunctive relief in any court of competent jurisdiction as necessary to enforce its rights in your intellectual property.

> <https://onmind.co>  
> Last Updated: 13-11-2021
